Pricing page update quantinuum (#655)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs: articles/pricing.md

To learn more about Quantinuum, visit the [Quantinuum provider page](xref:microsoft.quantum.providers.quantinuum).

> All new Azure customers benefit from USD500 in free credits towards the Quantinuum provider. Besides Azure Quantum credits, Quantinuum provides four subscription plans: **Standard**, **Premium**, **Standard H1 + H2**, and **Premium H1 + H2**. Additionally Quantinuum offers **Pay as You Go** offering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All new Azure customers benefit from USD500 in free credits towards the Quantinuum provider. Besides Azure Quantum credits, Quantinuum provides four subscription plans: **Standard**, **Premium**, **Standard H1 + H2**, and **Premium H1 + H2**. Also, Quantinuum offers a **Pay as You Go** offering.
```
